The Arvad was once a jewel striding accross the great blackness of galactic space. It's facits, both seen and unsee, were innumerable and precious as the life she held inside her belly. It's strides, slow and methodical. It's goal, almost inconcieveable.  
Now, she lie still. A great spacebeast marooned near a gigantic lonely asteroid, lost in the great expanse of the cosmos and so far away from home.  But, what is a home in the vast existence of the universe? Home is just here. The present, ego-less and untethered. 
Dash meditated, floating in the dim semi-flouressence of his quarters. His morning meditation always aided him in clearing his mind. The incense, his senses. The flow of life
"Let's get this day started." He said outloud to noone in particular, other than his computer system. "Lights, 73%."
Proceded by a high pitched ping, the lights elluminated the room as soon as the man finished his command. Morning on the Arvad has begun. The quickly brightening light washed over his bare quarters. A bed, bolted to the wall with his polymer sleep straps sewn in. It was almost as if the straps were hugs. Hugs that Dash would miss when they got their orders. But it was a twin and barely fit Dash's entirely average figure. He looked forward to a bed "more befitting his position". A position that included logistics, a fancy name for putting lists together
He couldn't imagine that any outlier, in width or height, would find sleep in the tiny bedding. But they did, still so many of the Arvad's children lived within the center of the great corpse. Still harvesting the very last of her useful bits. More systems shut down every night, never to be run again.
The lucky few systems now brought the din of humanity to his ears, the smell of humans and filtered oxygen. Through the deck to the right of the bulkhead he heard his neighbor's door open and the clink of an umbi on the railing. The Umbi, or umbilicus, was a small rough wire welded and tied to a carabiner. It would keep a person or object connected to the railings in low gravity situation. Thus keeping them from floating to the center of a room. Every once in while you would see another Arvad civi that forgot to clip their umbi and found themselves floating towards the middle of a huge storage area. 
A small terminal nearby blinked one single flash every few seconds. A message that would need to wait for later. 
Dash slotted his chit into the wall and pressed the overtly blatant button of a coffee cup and the number '2'. The karafe played a melody of caffination. As the brew drummed the metal bottom, Dash floated over towards the door. 
Pushing his security command into the bulkside door, Dash enabled the door allowing it to be opened freely. 
"It's Open." Dash stated just moments before the door started to slide open and a... tablet floated through. As Dash craned his head to see if there was anyone attached to the tablet, a woman emerged. Her nose buried halfwat through a tatterd book titled "HMT: The Life Particle by Yasuhiro Oba". The woman seemed to forget that she her umbi was still clipped and as the door closed, she stopped abrubtly running into Dash, tying him up and sending them spinning into the middle of the room.


crew members shifted, tethered to their bunks. 
